Add "Coursework PR Guide" for trainee (#1604)
CodeYourFuture/curriculum: org-cyf-guides/content/trainee-pr-guide/_index.md

+++
title="Trainee PR Guide"
description="What trainees should know about PR in CYF course"
emoji="📝"
menu=["everyone"]
+++

### What is a Pull Request (PR)?

A **pull request**, or **PR**, is a way to share your code for review.
In professional projects, PRs are used to suggest changes and then merge them into the main project.

> At CodeYourFuture, we use PRs mainly as a way for you to submit your work for review and feedback.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
At {{<our-name>}}, we use PRs mainly as a way for you to submit your work for review and feedback.
```
